
when you get to the highest platform you lose all gravity, so on the next
jump, you never stop momentum. ever. after ~6 seconds a white rectangle
with the text "press to win" or "press to REALLY win" (depending on score) 
flies behind you slightly faster than you and stops right above you
(well technically it's still moving but it stops moving on the screen other
than shaking a bit)




MEDIOCRE ENDING (OLD):
you get cockblocked by the lime wall but instead of a wall it's a
ceiling and now you have to fight it

after it you destroy it shows a cutscene which is a shot for shot 
parody/remake of the learn2fly destroy wall ending cutscene but 
replaced all the learn2fly stuff with funny game stuff





MEDICOCRE ENDING:
you jump and the gravitational pull is just right so that when you jump
up you switch gravity fields so now you're actually going up and jumping
would now push you back down

a single laser orb gets shot at you from off-screen
and time stops and shows a "J" button prompt

upon pressing it you jump downwards and the boss comes in from where the
laser orb came from. then the fight begins



ALL COIN ENDING:
clicking on the press to win button fades the screen to white for 3 seconds
then a recreation of the chatroom from Getting Over It appears 
also the chatroom has that image/meme from the end of Funny Game transparently 
overlayed over the whole thing but it's really REALLY hard to see

the first message that shows is:
Congratulations on beating the game. Your time was 02h:37m:48.521s with a score of 17.

then an edited (maybe midi maybe not) version of the song WE'LL MINE AGAIN plays
with each lyric being messaged in the chat from the user MineCraft Awesome Parodys
you can choose to enter messages between lyrics at any point during this, but it doesn't do anything
                                                            (maybe with the exception of a few secret words idk)


NO COIN ENDING:
clicking on the press to win button fades the screen to black for 3 seconds
then you appear in a room like the one from the no coin ending from Funny Game
idk i have to play it again to remember.

	maybe has rock music and is awesome?
	maybe get to talk to npcs in here??
	maybe get to have an even harder challenge???
	maybe said harder challenge involves a recreation of Getting Over It????
	maybe none of the above happens and instead after reaching the top with no coins you get run over by a train?????

nah but seriously though i think the recreation of Getting Over It idea sounds cool but also is gonna take me ten years
i think actually for real for serious the train idea sounds funny so
now i'm thinking this is how it's gonna go:

you get teleported to the dark room from the first game and everything
is normal and you're just walking slowly down the line again BUT
SUDDENLY a truck goes 50 miles an hour and runs you over and there's
a shit-ton of blood everywhere 
(maybe get an optional setting to disable having to see that last bit)